Which AWS service can you use to install a third-party database?
EC2

Which service can you use to provision a preconfigured server with little to no AWS experience?

Amazon Lightsail: Amazon LightSail provides developers compute, storage, and networking capacity and capabilities to deploy and manage websites, web applications, and databases in the cloud. 

Which service allows you to run code as functions without needing to provision or manage servers?

AWS Lambda: AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service that runs your code in response to events and automatically manages the underlying compute resources for you.

What benefits does Amazon EC2 provide over using non-cloud servers? (Select TWO.)
Elastic Web-Scale computing, Inexpensive

What method can you use to take a backup of an Amazon EC2 instance using AWS tools?
Take a snapshot to capture the point-in-time state of the instance

What strategy can assist with allocating metadata to AWS resources for cost tracking and visibility?

Tagging!  Each tag is a simple label consisting of a customer-defined key and an optional value that can make it easier to manage, search for, and filter resources.

What is the term for describing the action of automatically running scripts on Amazon EC2 instances when launched to install software?
BOOTSTRAPPING! Bootstrapping is the execution of automated actions to services such as EC2 and RDS.

How should an organization deploy an application running on multiple EC2 instances to ensure that a power failure does not cause an application outage?
Launch the EC2 instances into different Availability Zones

Which AWS service provides elastic web-scale cloud computing allowing you to deploy operating system instances?
EC2

You need to ensure you have the right amount of compute available to service demand. Which AWS service can automatically scale the number of EC2 instances for your application?
Auto Scaling!

Which of the following are valid types of Reserved Instance? (Select TWO.)
Scheduled RI, and Convertable RI

Which AWS service provides preconfigured virtual private servers (instances) that include everything required to deploy an application or create a database?
Lightsail

Which AWS service can be used to run Docker containers?
ECS  elastic Container service.

How can you apply metadata to an EC2 instance that categorizes it according to its purpose, owner or environment?
TAGS!!!

What is a resource group?
A collection of resources that share one or more tags

Which pricing options are available when using Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances? (Select TWO.)
All Upfront,  Partial upfront

Which Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance type enables you to match your capacity reservation to predictable recurring dates and times?
Scheduled RI

What is the best way to apply an organizational system to EC2 instances so they can be identified by descriptors such as purpose or department?

What is the best way to apply an organizational system to EC2 instances so they can be identified by descriptors such as purpose or department?
Apply Tags

An Amazon EC2 instance running the Amazon Linux 2 AMI is billed in what increment?

Which statement best describes security groups?
Security groups are stateful and deny all inbound traffic by default.



















